Yael/istio updates (#8528)
DataDog/integrations-core: istio/README.md

## Overview

Datadog monitors every aspect of your Istio environment, so you can:

> - Assess the health of Envoy and the Istio control plane with logs ([see below][22])
> - Break down the performance of your service mesh with request, bandwidth, and resource consumption metrics ([see below][21])
> - Map network communication between containers, pods, and services over the mesh with [Network Performance Monitoring][19] 
> - Drill into distributed traces for applications transacting over the mesh with [APM][20]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assess the health of Envoy and the Istio control plane with logs ([see below](#log-collection)).
- Break down the performance of your service mesh with request, bandwidth, and resource consumption metrics ([see below](#metrics)).
- Map network communication between containers, pods, and services over the mesh with [Network Performance Monitoring][19].
- Drill into distributed traces for applications transacting over the mesh with [APM][20].
```

[19]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-istio-with-npm/
[20]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/proxy_setup/?tab=istio
[21]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/istio-datadog/

> [21]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/istio/#metrics
> [22]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/istio/#log-collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
